GSG info on restarting the ledger and making changes (#4968)
digital-asset/daml: docs/source/getting-started/first-feature.rst

We will see that DAML lets us implement these guarantees in a direct and intuitive way.

There are three parts to building and running the messaging feature: 

    1. Adding the necessary changes to the DAML model  
    2. Making the corresponding changes in the UI

>     3. Running the new feature. In order to do that we need to terminate the previous ``./daml-start.ch`` process and run it again.  

Reviewer: There's a typo. It should be `./daml-start.sh` (with `sh` in the end, not `ch`.)

Author: ```suggestion
    3. Running the new feature. In order to do that we need to terminate the previous ``./daml-start.sh`` process and run it again.  
```

Remember that we interface with the DAML model from the UI components using generated TypeScript.
Since we have changed our DAML code, we also need to rerun the TypeScript code generator.

> Open a new terminal Let's do this by running::

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Open a new terminal and run the following commands::
```
It sounds like you’re explaining how to open a new terminal with those commands.

That is all for the implementation!
Let's give the new functionality a spin.

Running the New Feature

> ===================

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
=======================
```

> As previously mentioned, we need to restart the DAML Sandbox and the JSON API, in order to get the messaging feature up and running. 

Reviewer 2: I think this is misleading. This is not about restarting sandbox or the JSON API. This is about building the DAR and uploading it. It just happens that for simplicity we do not upload the DAR to the running sandbox but kill and restart it to also clear out data.

Author: I see your point, but it is too detailed for the getting started guide, as the effect of the action are the same. If I look in our docs this is how _daml start_ (used in the ./daml-start.sh) is described 

"Launch Sandbox, Navigator and the HTTP JSON API Service: daml start You can disable the HTTP JSON API by passing --json-api-port none to daml start. To specify additional options for sandbox/navigator/the HTTP JSON API you can use --sandbox-option=opt, --navigator-option=opt and --json-api-option=opt."

Nothing about the actual mechanics of building and uploading the DAR. Overall, think including this would make a very lengthy explanation. Once we do have the possibility to upload the DAR file to a running sandbox we can change it in here as well.

Reviewer 2: Can we maybe make it less precise, e.g., something like “we need to run `daml start` again to restart the components with our new model”? I fully agree that a lengthy explanation is not suitable here. What I find confusing is that the current explanation is very precise in what you do (restart sandbox and the JSON API) but in an incorrect way (restarting those components on their own doesn’t do what you want here).

Author: Will mark this comment as resolved and will commit a new version with different text

> We need to terminate the previous ``./daml-start.ch`` process and run it again, as we need to have a Sandbox instance with a DAR file containing the new feature. As a reminder, by running the ``./daml-start.ch`` again we will 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We need to terminate the previous ``./daml-start.sh`` process and run it again, as we need to have a Sandbox instance with a DAR file containing the new feature. As a reminder, by running ``./daml-start.sh`` again we will 
```
Are you sure you are not Swiss :joy:

Author: 😂I went back and forth between .sh and .ch so many times while writing it

>   - Compile our DAML code into a *DAR file contatining the new feature*

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - Compile our DAML code into a *DAR file containing the new feature*
```

  - Run a fresh instance of the *Sandbox with the new DAR file*
  - Start the HTTP JSON API 

> First, navigate to the terminal window where the ``daml-start.sh`` is running and terminate the active process by hitting ``Ctrl-C``. This shuts down the previous instances of the sandbox. Next in the root ``create-daml-app`` folder run ``./daml-start.sh``.

Author: @cocreature This is the new explanation that also serves as a refresher on what ./daml.start.sh does (from the "Getting started with DAML" section)

Reviewer 2: :+1:

> First, navigate to the terminal window where the ``daml-start.sh`` is running and terminate the active process by hitting ``Ctrl-C``. This shuts down the previous instances of the sandbox. Next in the root ``create-daml-app`` folder run ``./daml-start.sh``.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
First, navigate to the terminal window where the ``daml-start.sh`` process is running and terminate the active process by hitting ``Ctrl-C``. This shuts down the previous instances of the sandbox. Next in the root ``create-daml-app`` folder run ``./daml-start.sh``.
```
Or remove the article
